#   TopScore Portal Design
<hr>

**Table of Content** -- What to include in SWE design.
*   Component relationship (e.g. **`Higher-order Components`**)
*   Project structure (what files inherit what)
*   Be careful with mobile compatibility
*   Where will data come from

<hr>

### A. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Functionalities

#### Front-end
Sketch the components on a piece of paper for each webpage / UI.
- Pages & File hierarchy
- Search Engine: 
Pay **extra attention** to this page since your database structure largely affects the functionality of the search result.
- Functionality of each webpage (page-flow of user experience)
- Components 
    - Reusable components are marked with `R` tags.
    - Template components are marked with `T` tags.
- Data in a centralized Redux store

#### Backend 
- Database Structure
    - How many separated databases? What info should be nested within a column?


<hr>

### B. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Implementations

#### Components by Webpage

1. ##### Login Page
    - `<Topbar />`
        - Logo    
        - `<Message />` shows which page the user is on. If the user isn't logged in, show a welcome message.
        
        - If logged in:
            - `<SearchBar />`
            - Button for notification (optional)
            - Profile tab (access to Settings page)
2. ##### Home (Greeting) Page
    - `<Topbar />`
    - `<Sidebar />`
<br>

#### Components and their details
- **Format**: Component name / does it need access to redux store / does it maintain a state / what props required

#### Component organization for each webpage

#### Algorithms 

#### Redux Store 

#### Actions

<hr>

### C.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Database Structure :rocket:


> Current plan is to store in Firebase, and move to MongoDB is necessary in the future. Guide to Database structuring ([link](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/structure-data))

#### :star: `Student DB`
Description:
Consultant should be able to edit and monitor individual students' activities at TopScore. This DB serves as a target for other DB's manipulation of data e.g. to SELECT all students FROM reading class.

-  **`Supervisor`** :rocket: 
    - Only the student's consultant (Kate or Angel) may see one's info. Such restriction should be fulfilled accross the site including the search engine. 
    - Supervisor restriction may be circumvented by the root_user.
- **`Contact`**
    - **uuid**: a unique hash generated by the npm package.
    - **Student ID**: an identifier defined by the rules of TopScore
    - **First Name**
    - **Last Name**
    - **Phone Number**
    - **Email**
    - **High School**
    - **Graduation Year**
    - **Attended College**
- **`Content`**
    - **AdvancedInfo**
        - Person of Recommendation 介紹人
        - Package Type: multiple choices (代辦、規劃、or 課程生)
    - **Overview** 
        - At-A-Glance
            - Notice | 注意事項 / Precations
            - Family Info | 家人資訊
        - First-appointment 初談紀錄
        - Pre-test result (Should be JSON file)
    - **Core** 
        - Current Course List
            - a list of `course` object entry
        - Past Course list
        - Add New Course List (add classes one at a time)
            - Instructions must be clear for this column.
            This tab allows users to add **existing**
    - **Compass** : An array of reports
        - `Report` object
            - Summary
            - Improvements needed
            - Goal Setting
            - Engagement
            - Grades & Tests
            - Activites
            - Achievements 
            - To-Do List
    - **Mentor**
        - Testing (a form)
        - College List (a form)
        - Document Reference (upload documents)
            - Make tabs to allow adding column names
    - **Report Card**
        - SAT Advanced`
            - `Report Card` entry
        - TOEFL
            - `Report Card` entry

#### :star:  `User DB`

Description:
Users (email address) should only be manually added by root_user (Kate). No registration allowed for the sake of security. Users will log in using their gmail account (only the ones with @topscore-edu.com are allowed; this restriction should also enable edit from the CMS backend of root_user)

- **User_type**: Admin or Root (super admin)
- **User Name**
- **Email**
- **Password**



#### :star: `Course DB`

Description: 
A one-layer DB that consists of all courses. No need for hierarchical arrangement at this point.
-  **`Course List`** an array
Also think about the sorting order.
    - **Course** entry
        - ID
        - Type: 1-on-1, Group, or Engagment (dropdown list)
        - Course Name
        - Instructor
        - Start Date
        - Duration: how many **weeks**
        - Repeat
        - Next Period:  N/A for past courses (optional parameter.)
        - Notes: A text editor for consultants to make not.
        - Last-edit: Timestamp
